---
layout: post
title: Bloc and I
---
# Can you believe it?  

You have taken the leap, you signed up for a coding bootcamp.  You have thought about this for a while now, done some research and vacillated.  The best thing you can do is make a decision and commit.  In this way, you can change your own path and realize your aspirations.

My journey into the coding realm has been inspired by a desire to understand how things work and at the same time create.  Looking under the hood at the inner workings of a website at first seems daunting.  Now, in my 12th week at Bloc, learning about the front end world of development, many of the elements under the hood that seemed unintelligble are clear.  

Bloc and I are attempting to change my career track.  I have been in education for seven years.  Teaching Spanish has offered me the opportunity to grow as a professional and grow the students with whom I have worked.  I have used technology in my classroom to enhance teaching and learning.  Now, I wish to contribute to the creation of those educational technologies to aid students and learners.  Learning to program and become a developer is the best way to do this.

What are the risks of changing careers.  After seven years of teaching, you can become entrenched in the field you in or feel stuck.  Things can get stale if you are not challenged constantly to learn new concepts.  I see the reward in changing careers as continuing my education as I challenge myself to accustomize myself to thinking as a programmer.  

What are the results, you ask?  At this point I can use HTML and CSS with ease and manipulate HTML with Javascript through the DOM and with the jQuery library.  I continue to see that, the more I learn, the more there is to take in.  And this is part of what I love about programming, the multitude of languages and frameworks available.  

Through 12 weeks at Bloc I have encountered a lot of new material, been completely flabergasted by new conpcets and rage quit on several homework assignments.  But, I have maintained the perspective that this experience is like becoming proficient in a foreign language.  Mastery takes practice and a relentless discipline coupled with immersion.  I have coded nearly every day since I started in September. 

## Other Posts by Ben


<ul>
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li>
      <a href="{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a>
    </li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>







